here we go this is neighborhood today
it's a snow day and we're gonna walk
around the neighborhood yeah today is a
snow day and look they're slow right
there oh she falls and that's a house
second they're gonna make some money
they're gonna show us what I thought I
thought too but it's not that's a car
cover let's turn lift lift lift what's
that that's a pound look at the rock
yeah we're duffle your house cool like
that treat
you're dumb we're running just be
running all right you like my hands are
cold you missed a sign this is Scott's
old house okay now we're going this way
so let's talk about something everyone's
like shoveling snow like I said we rock
salt yeah they're putting ice down to
the world see I see here's the motorized
tool today it was sweet the most know we
have yeah we we don't get a lot of snow
this is like both this is a lot of snow
last time we had like a week off school
last time we had this much snow was in
fifth grade no sixth grade right and we
had a week off of school oh these are
everyone's look at this car please car
do this that's what my car look like
this morning that's the street hello yes
hi doggie that's a dog hi dog okay we
don't post I don't have much to do you
need a car to go everywhere but my daddy
won't let me drive this is me
this is a for sale sign you guys should
buy this house Zach and Victoria sacking
Victoria you should buy this house look
at it's very pretty and cute ready 123
oh sweet right creation my hands are so
cold look oh your hands are cold look at
your dome at the house let's turn which
way to intern oh we're turning right and
then we could show you the PDF a little
one I hover the curtains of the nice
folks creepy yeah no please fall it'll
be funny why won't you fall hello hi dog
that's a dog noogie
my hands are so cold Oh phone what are
you doing she's so dumb this house is
really pretty has love trees yeah like a
park here Heather filmy running upstream
I never see Megan run up the street she
is jogging very slow and there's a car
coming it's gonna hit her ah that was
vague and ruining
Oh